(whooshing)
All right, next,
we need the sign up feature.
So I'm gonna go ahead and sign out,
go to the sign in page
and we are going to add a new block here
that says sign up for an account.
And I'm gonna duplicate the sign in
because the component is gonna be very similar.
So what we'll do is we'll go to our signin component,
which is, why am I looking for it right here?
Let's just look in here.
Signin, there we go.
I'm gonna save a copy of that as SignUp.
Capital S, capital U, .js.
Then let's just quickly replace the SignIn to SignUp.
And we'll go to the SignIn page, right?
This one right here.
Duplicate SignIn.
That's just gonna be SignUp.
And then duplicate this
and this will be SignUp as well.
Okay, so now we have two of our components.
Let's do a quick little grid
so these things can go side by side.
So we'll say const Grid
is equal to styled.div.
Gotta import styled.
Boom.
Let's actually get it going first.
Or maybe GridStyles we'll call it.
Okay and then display: grid,
grid-template-columns: repeat.
We're gonna auto-fill it.
A minmax of minimum, I don't know, 300px,
maximum 1fr.
There we go.
We need a bit of gap, a grid-gap: 2rem.
So at a certain point,
they should, yeah, see, at a certain point they go down
to one grid.
I like that because actually when it's that big,
we need auto-fit.
There we go, that'll stretch 'em all the way across.
Not auto-fill, auto-fill will just do them the auto size
and they won't stretch to the bigger but auto-fit will.
Okay, let's go into our SignUp component
and start replacing things.
First, let's do the inputs.
Then we'll go back and switch up the mutation here.
So first thing is this one.
Sign Up For An Account.
Then we also have our useForm just here.
So we have our email, our password.
We also want to collect the user's name.
So we'll do a name there.
Then we'll go down to where we have the email.
We'll just duplicate that
and change one of them to be Your Name.
Type is text.
Name is name.
Placeholder is Your Name.
autoComplete equals name.
Is it?
Let's check that one out real quick.
autoComplete mdn.
Give me a list of them, here we go.
Name.
Okay, so it just could be name
but it also could be any of these more specific ones.
Honorific-prefix, that's very nice.
Value: inputs.name.
Okay, so now if we type in here.
Good, that's looking good.
So when somebody submits this form here,
we want to create a user.
So we can delete everything.
Let's keep none of it.
(instructor laughing)
let's keep none of it.
So const SIGNUP_MUTATION is equal to gql.
There, mutation, we'll take the name of that.
And there are three things
that will need to be passed here.
The first one is email, which is a string.
It's required.
Second one is a name,
which is a string that's required
and the third one is a password,
which is a string
that is required.
Oops, I need a capital S on that
and a dollar sign in front of the variable name.
Then inside of that,
we will use the createUser API
that's part of Keystone that exposes to us
and if we take a look at our mutation here,
it is createUser.
That then takes in a data object
and then in the data object,
you need any of these options here.
So we are going to be running createUser.
That passes data.
And then in there, we have the email,
the name, the password, properties,
and those are going to be the variables of the same name.
Okay, looks like I put that all on one line for us.
So let me make this a bit wider
so we can see what we're doing here.
Cool.
And then back from that, we wanna grab the id,
the email and the name of the actual user.
Okay.
So that is our mutation.
Now let's go here
and this method here, signin, we can rename it
to signup and you see why renaming it like that,
it also changed the value of me using it right here.
Then we pass the SIGNUP_MUTATION.
The variables are still the inputs
that get typed in there.
And the refetch of the CURRENT_USER is valid as well.
Actually, we, no, we don't need that one
because signing up will not log the user in.
Singing up will just make the user in the backend
and then we have to ask the user.
So we can actually get rid of that refetch.
I'll just comment it out for now.
Next, we've got this error here.
So this error's a little bit funky the way
we had to handle that.
I would imagine it's the same thing if we submit some data
that's not correct.
Like let's try create a user with an email of no.
Like not a real email.
And then get back from it, we want the id of the user.
So if I run that, we get, yeah, we get an errors reply here
and then data.
So we'll have to see if it actually throws a 404 error
or if we have to do this little song and dance.
So let's destructure the error from this as well.
And when we submit it,
let's just console.log out all that data.
See what we're working with.
So that should be the basics of singing up.
So we'll go back to our sign up page.
Identifier error has already been,
oh, it's 'cause of this.
We've gotta comment that out.
All right, so test,
test@example.com.
Always use example.com when you're testing things
because even if you are using a mail trapping account,
which we'll get into in a second,
you don't accidentally wanna send somebody an email.
And example.com has been set aside for stuff like that.
And then password.
Anything you want.
Ready, open up the dev tools.
Sign in.
Okay, so we got on line 38
data, loading, error is undefined.
37, this is the data, createUser.
Good, so that actually worked.
If we go back to our backend here, now go to Users,
look, there's that user now it has been shown up.
Okay.
Now my question is how do we let the user know
that it worked?
And then second, how do we,
let's make sure we're handling any errors properly
and showing them to the user?
So there are a couple of ways
you could successfully let the user know
that they have been signed up.
You could just check if the user's in the response here
and throw up an alert.
But likely what you wanna do
is show something in here.
So what I'm gonna do
is right inside this fieldset right here,
we're gonna check for the user.
So I'll say data dot, what was it?
createUser, so if we have both of them,
then we'll give it a paragraph tag,
signed up with data.createUser.
We don't need that dollar sign there.
.email.
Please Go Ahead and Sign in.
Okay, cool, so what we did here
is now that we're successfully in the signup state,
it's kind of nice
that I didn't have to try sign up again.
We see this right here.
You could also do that up here.
You can say if
data.createUser,
then we could return what we just were doing.
Right here, this paragraph.
Maybe we'll do that in a sec
because there's no reason to show them the signup form
if they've successfully signed in or signed up.
So let's do that there.
Okay, cool, then actually even one further
is we could probably show the sign in form as well
but it's right next to each other,
so we don't really wanna do that.
So I think I like it the other way better
now that I think about it
just 'cause now this is weird.
You've taken away the form entirely.
So we'll do that.
Okay, give it a refresh.
Let's try once more.
So testyyy, test@example.com.
Actually, just gotta be test2.
And a password.
Nothing was returned.
This usually means this statement.
Okay, something went wrong.
Nothing was returned.
Oh, it's 'cause I forget to delete this that's why.
Let's try it one more time.
Test3@example.com.
Good.
Okay, so that works.
Now my question is what happens
if I sign up with that email again?
That should error and we should display it to the user.
So test, that's the email.
Sign in.
There we go.
Error: duplicate key.
This is fine that this has popped up
because it's showing us in development
and our error here, oh, there we go,
the error is being thrown as a proper error.
So we don't need to do this weird song and dance
that we did before.
We can just get the error from useMutation.
And then grab it.
I think
the reason why it is actually saying an uncaught error
is because we are doing it, is our onSubmit right here.
It's not actually catching it.
Right here, this right here.
This is throwing an error
but we're not catching it
because it's also being put into this value here
but in order to stop this uncaught error from happening,
we can catch it and just say console.error.
So that might seem like cheating
but don't worry, we've got the value here
and we are appropriately handling it right here.
Beautiful, all right, so that's the sign up flow.
Next, I believe we need to do the password reset flow.